active learning for fairness tuto (#132)
ElementAI/baal: docs/index.md

    
    Combining calibration and variational inference for active learning <reports/dirichlet_calibration>
    Double descend in active learning <reports/double_descend.md>

>     Can ActiveLearning mitigate bias in datasets <notebooks/ActiveFairness.ipynb>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Can active learning mitigate bias in datasets <notebooks/ActiveFairness.ipynb>
```
